Cost management in private preview (#7978)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/cost-management/cost-management.md

# About cost management in dbt <Lifecycle status='preview,managed,managed_plus' />

> :::Private preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Private preview
```

> Cost management features are in private preview. If you're interested in joining the preview, please reach out to your account manager.

Author: ```suggestion
Cost management features are in private preview. If you're interested in joining the preview, please contact your account manager.
```
